syphilitic endocarditis
infection of the heart valve
syphilitic endocarditis
heart failure
syphilitic endocarditis
pulmonary valve insufficiency
pulmonary valve insufficiency
pulmonary hypertension
syphilitic endocarditis
antibiotics
antibiotics
syphilitic endocarditis
syphilitic endocarditis
surgical intervention
surgical intervention
valve replacement
valve replacement
syphilitic endocarditis
syphilitic endocarditis
mortality
syphilitic endocarditis
septicemia
syphilitic endocarditis
embolism
syphilitic endocarditis
STDs
STDs
endocarditis
syphilitic endocarditis
myocardial infarction
syphilitic endocarditis
cardiac arrhythmias
syphilitic endocarditis
chronic heart disease
syphilitic endocarditis
stroke
syphilitic endocarditis
recurrent infections
syphilitic endocarditis
valve stenosis
syphilitic endocarditis
congestive heart failure
congestive heart failure
edema
syphilitic endocarditis
patients with HIV
syphilitic endocarditis
IV drug use
syphilitic endocarditis
fever
syphilitic endocarditis
fatigue
syphilitic endocarditis
night sweats
syphilitic endocarditis
infective endocarditis
infective endocarditis
bacterial infection
syphilitic endocarditis
syphilis
syphilis
infection
syphilitic endocarditis
sudden cardiac death
sudden cardiac death
syphilitic endocarditis
syphilitic endocarditis
myocarditis
myocarditis
the heart muscle
syphilitic endocarditis
pericarditis
pericarditis
cardiac tamponade
syphilitic endocarditis
aortic dissection
aortic dissection
medical emergency
syphilitic endocarditis
pulmonary edema
syphilitic endocarditis
men
syphilitic endocarditis
weight loss
syphilitic endocarditis
abdominal pain
abdominal pain
syphilitic endocarditis
syphilitic endocarditis
night sweats
syphilitic endocarditis
fatigue
syphilitic endocarditis
cough
syphilitic endocarditis
kidney damage
kidney damage
renal failure
syphilitic endocarditis
mental confusion
syphilitic endocarditis
embolic stroke
syphilitic endocarditis
mycotic aneurysm
mycotic aneurysm
organ damage
syphilitic endocarditis
hematuria
syphilitic endocarditis
septic arthritis
septic arthritis
infection in a joint
syphilitic endocarditis
endothelial damage
endothelial damage
thrombosis
syphilitic endocarditis
skin rash
syphilitic endocarditis
pneumonia
pneumonia
respiratory failure
syphilitic endocarditis
spleen enlargement
syphilitic endocarditis
splenic infarction
splenic infarction
abdominal pain
syphilitic endocarditis
aneurysm rupture
aneurysm rupture
internal bleeding
syphilitic endocarditis
confusion
syphilitic endocarditis
organ failure
organ failure
death
syphilitic endocarditis
endocardial abscess
endocardial abscess
pus in the heart
syphilitic endocarditis
peripheral neuropathy
peripheral neuropathy
nerve damage
syphilitic endocarditis
visual impairment
syphilitic endocarditis
hearing loss
syphilitic endocarditis
aneurysm
aneurysm
weakened blood vessel
syphilitic endocarditis
facial paralysis
syphilitic endocarditis
joint pain
syphilitic endocarditis
osteomyelitis
osteomyelitis
infection of the bone
syphilitic endocarditis
splenic abscess
splenic abscess
pus in the spleen
syphilitic endocarditis
chest pain
syphilitic endocarditis
seizures
syphilitic endocarditis
pulmonary embolism
pulmonary embolism
lung artery
syphilitic endocarditis
pancreatitis
pancreatitis
the pancreas
syphilitic endocarditis
malaise
syphilitic endocarditis
aneurysmal rupture
aneurysmal rupture
bleeding
syphilitic endocarditis
lymphadenopathy
syphilitic endocarditis
pleurisy
pleurisy
lung lining
syphilitic endocarditis
hemoptysis
hemoptysis
blood
syphilitic endocarditis
muscle aches
syphilitic endocarditis
kidney failure
syphilitic endocarditis
weight loss
syphilitic endocarditis
vascular dementia
vascular dementia
brain disorders
syphilitic endocarditis
paralysis
syphilitic endocarditis
anemia
syphilitic endocarditis
lower limb ischemia
lower limb ischemia
the legs
syphilitic endocarditis
meningitis
meningitis
the protective membranes of the brain
syphilitic endocarditis
nausea
syphilitic endocarditis
dizziness
syphilitic endocarditis
heart murmurs
syphilitic endocarditis
thromboembolism
thromboembolism
blood clot formation
syphilitic endocarditis
fatigue
syphilitic endocarditis
fever
syphilitic endocarditis
endophthalmitis
endophthalmitis
the eye
syphilitic endocarditis
leg pain
syphilitic endocarditis
cognitive impairment
syphilitic endocarditis
liver damage
liver damage
the liver function
syphilitic endocarditis
heart valve rupture
